Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Nick Graham: Are you
Doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Any issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: In virtual clinic this morning.
Nick Graham: No, not really.
Nick Graham: You know, general
Nick Graham: hassling for paying and stuff like that so
Nick Graham: That's a work in progress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, right. Well, you're here, and I know you've got some sort of tough decisions to make. Right. Um, you know more about what is possible, as far as right that x waiver. Did you any inroads there.
Nick Graham: Yeah. So, all I know is
Nick Graham: I was my friend had a similar issue with with their psychologists and
Nick Graham: They were like, We switched insurances and suddenly it's not accepted.
Nick Graham: I guess I have to call in in this person, she's having like some severe problems and was without care for, like, a few weeks. So I'm gonna have to call signal and do a whole lot of
Nick Graham: A lot of research and a lot of work to try to figure something out. If
Nick Graham: It's possible to make an exception, like, but
Nick Graham: I don't know this way is so much more convenient like being able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Use this way. I know. So, oh, it's coming back to me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you also think okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe budgeting 105 once a month, I could rationalize that it's you know about 25
Gwenevere Abriel: You know dollars there and then there'll be this fourth week where you would go into group, you'd meet with the doctor, she would assess how you're doing. And then those other weeks, you and I could be meeting for individual therapy and I have seen her agree to that so
Nick Graham: Yeah, yeah. I think one one group over like a month in place of individual
Nick Graham: Uh huh. Yeah, I think, I think that could definitely work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you don't have to do this big change. Now you could say, Okay, I'll do this you commit to it. Let's say the next couple months. And you could be investigating slowly. If you want it to into what other alternative. She had at least, it takes the pressure off.
Nick Graham: Yeah, yeah. That was definitely discouraging. Now, like, you know, you know, I was all excited for insurance forever finally get it and it doesn't work.
Nick Graham: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds familiar. I had another client say something like that to
Remember,
Nick Graham: Genki there so Genki
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I think that that sounds like a similar one I'm
Nick Graham: Thinking of a client same situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if I can, if there's any notes leftover to Katrina. She might work for them. Here's my money, Gail.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have the names disappear if you haven't texted them in a while or messaged them think she's gone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay well let's let's get to it. Let me get into your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your file here and let me see where we left off. But while I'm pulling the record up every up to speed on
Gwenevere Abriel: Intensity of cravings any slips with alcohol Xanax other mood altering substances just kind of get into that world of how you're handling.
Gwenevere Abriel: The need to reach for something by yourself.
Nick Graham: Well, you know, you still I'm the only thing and i don't i would not consider this a slip
Nick Graham: I have like add right like diagnosed and I haven't been treated for a long time, but I had a bottle of I've and and so I have been taking like like small amounts of events like on a really Tivoli sort of routine basis.
Nick Graham: I'm going to get into psychiatry, so that I can be prescribed to that. But I didn't consider it a slip because I'm not using it for any kind of like
Nick Graham: Reasons that they then like it truly does help me.
Nick Graham: So I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll check in and see why you weren't taking it before.
Nick Graham: Yeah, let's think.
Nick Graham: Well, so the first time in reason that I wasn't taking it was because I was in the Navy and we, I didn't. I never liked told them that I had add because it would be a disqualifying
Nick Graham: Isn't really yeah yes disqualifying once you're in. If you get it. Well, then you can get medication for you, but I never told him before I went in and then obviously, I can use it because they've come up on it on a screen. So it was like from a, from a really long time ago, but
Nick Graham: I was thinking about it because like
Nick Graham: One of the guys in my office was talking, and he's also like prescriptive I've ants. And he was saying like, it helps him like do all the things that he like normally doesn't do because of like distractions and my calls family and like even things like that like
Nick Graham: I just find myself like getting like weirdly fixated on certain things at certain times. And this kind of helps
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep me like I and there's no disagreement there. But see how you kind of deviated a little bit. See if you can answer the question I'm asking your fine love what you're telling me you can identify why you weren't taking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Nick Graham: Yeah, so I didn't, I didn't know where it was, it was when I was moving stuff that I that I finally found it so half of my positions are Sydney's place and half of my positions in my current home. So I didn't really know that I had it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's a bit of a peripheral self management its secondary it's taken aback.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it possible that over the next couple weeks that you really prioritize that because it sounds like you're seeing. It's important because it affects ability to connect with family, it affects
Other life skill.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I get I definitely think any. I don't really know if there's like a general
Nick Graham: A general like psychiatry. I don't really know what that could help like with my substance abuse problems and that or do I have to see different people. I don't really know how this works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't tell you how it works, you'll have
Gwenevere Abriel: To but it would I can, I can certainly see that a psychiatrist could have that that special training.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe it would all line up and you could get everything from that particular psychiatrists, that would be awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if not, we have a short term plan in place for the next couple of months, at least to sort of do this budgeting and then you show into to group and etc. But yeah, you can investigate. Sure. Why not psychiatry.
Gwenevere Abriel: She goes from medical school and their videos and MDS. And now the specialized training and psychiatry, so they should certainly be able to have that special training and therefore that x waiver, I guess, huh. So yeah, go for it. Yeah.
Nick Graham: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me get in here. So I heard about the vibe bands and how um any other substance use any other mood altering substances.
Nick Graham: I might like a like a marijuana thing the other day.
Nick Graham: And
Gwenevere Abriel: When you eat it. What was the context.
Nick Graham: So one of my
Nick Graham: One of my friends like just like brought me like a cookie like a marijuana cookies in my work.
Nick Graham: And I'm like, you know, I like hearing. They're like take marijuana like every I think the last time was probably
Nick Graham: A few months back, like just very sparingly, just when it's like presented to me and then I do it. And every time I like I react weirdly to marijuana and I like
Nick Graham: Get really emotional and I always cry. So it was like shit like it. It almost sounds like
Nick Graham: Like weirdly therapeutic but I cried. And I was like, I don't want to do this again because like I always like think about stuff and cry about it. So I don't know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So part of you likes it a part of you doesn't
Nick Graham: Yeah, pretty much. I face things that I sometimes don't try to face.
Nick Graham: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it gives you a chance to feel things you don't normally feel and it feels weirdly therapeutic. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything else
Nick Graham: I don't think so. Just some alcohol sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me about how much and how often
Nick Graham: Maybe one beer at a time, maybe two days a week, maybe three days a week. I have like meetings at
Nick Graham: A place after work, and I usually like to be
Gwenevere Abriel: A meeting like
Nick Graham: We meet. Yeah, so I have to, I have to meet individually with all of my staff every week for 30 minutes at a time. And usually we do it after work, because it's the only time which is at about 1030
Nick Graham: The only places that are open. Is this pizza place in your bag and I like will I go get a beer or a water or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, um, it's not three beers. It's
Nick Graham: Not. It's not us. It's one beer. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's go down in here and see
Gwenevere Abriel: How many milligrams, are you at right now.
Nick Graham: six milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you, how many days. Have you been at that dose and any withdrawal symptoms present
Nick Graham: Not, not, not really like a little bit of restlessness and I think probably five days I've been at that dose. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so you I would think by yesterday or today that should be starting to level out now.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I'm feeling right now. I was feeling like rest was history a little bit of like sleep issues, but nothing nothing crazy. I mean, it's not a substantial drop
Nick Graham: But I'm feeling fine now.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many days have you happy. I feel fine. Now, how many days.
Nick Graham: Probably, yes. Today, and today. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to see it longer, so that we can. You can go oh yeah this is this is OK, I can do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, more days if that's possible for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many days of six milligram dose, do you have left.
Nick Graham: See
Nick Graham: Two days left. Personally, I don't think my bottle, but I think I have about two days left
Gwenevere Abriel: Any chance you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we can do it this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we make next week, your group week where you go on February.
Gwenevere Abriel: 4
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I can ask the doctor bridge over to that appointment and you show up in there and we kind of move forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that sound like a plan.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I think I could do group next week. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you sound uncertain. So here's what's going to happen. You've
Gwenevere Abriel: Been then, in a sense, able to get away with not going. Yeah, because we're seeing each other and then I let the doctor know
Gwenevere Abriel: But that won't happen. They'll be a real oh my gosh moment. I don't have any buprenorphine. So I heard you. I really want to be careful. Yeah. Are you going to attend because you had something come up right there was, I don't know what airport thing or I don't know what. But my point is
Gwenevere Abriel: There's the possibility of you're not having medicine. So there's a lot at stake.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So really think about it. Let me tell you, groups are Monday at nine Monday at one Tuesday seven Thursday 11 and Friday 12
Nick Graham: Yeah, I can do Tuesday seven. So here's here's where that uncertainty comes in. So for one like
Nick Graham: I always know you emphasize group.
Nick Graham: I didn't know you emphasize group because it's mandatory. I did not know that group was mandatory.
Nick Graham: So like
Nick Graham: You're saying that right now. So I'm sure I signed something saying that but I just, it's been a long time and I have no clue. So that's why when you say
Nick Graham: Do group. I'm like, cool group you kind of sit there and, you know, yes, it's a nice time to connect but truly for bang for buck. I get considerably more out of individual therapy.
Nick Graham: So this is why I'm not prioritizing group and why yesterday when they say, Oh, you don't have insurance. I'm like, well, I'd rather do this today for half the price.
Nick Graham: That's, that's where that comes from. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think of it like this.
Nick Graham: You're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: doing two things you're getting ma TT and your physician needs to check in with you. Your physician is prescribing medication. I'm not. I'm checking in on
Gwenevere Abriel: Clients with medication. I'm checking in on relapse prevention and we're working on, if it's relevant underlying trauma triggers in our current life and concerns and fret over the future. So we're really
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking at behavioral health and
Gwenevere Abriel: Your doctor needs to see you.
Nick Graham: Okay, yeah.
Nick Graham: Well done. Now that that's being said
Nick Graham: Like if it makes sense. And I will comply. I just like
Nick Graham: I really thought I had a choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know well you know you do. But the painful choices. You won't have
Medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just and I tend to be, you know, I'm not so you know this is a therapeutic relationship. I'm not going to tell you what to do. I'm just going to say it kind of cash and maybe I needed to say it a little bit more succinctly to. So there you go.
Nick Graham: Yeah i don't i don't get like I don't get better. I'm sorry, I don't get upset over like if I'm not getting something just, you know, feel free.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a bath and
Nick Graham: That's how it has to be sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard for us. You know, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard to
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what you're getting. And what you're not. I'm thinking you're just making a choice and
Nick Graham: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we're clear now you see
Nick Graham: Our career.
Gwenevere Abriel: Physician my prescribing physician needs to see how I'm doing hasn't tapering
Gwenevere Abriel: We need to see if other than this is so it's not group therapy. The truth is it's not sometimes we are the only therapeutic gain for people is addressing maybe some social anxiety. Sometimes I get a little nugget that I can throw out there. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't. It's not group therapy.
Nick Graham: Right, exactly.
Nick Graham: Yeah. Alright, cool. I'm glad that it
Nick Graham: Put that way. It's just part of all right, because that's why cuz like you go there and you wait in there like how's everyone and then maybe someone says, a couple things like I've gained like a little bit from it. But yeah. Alright, cool. It's clear. I don't need
Gwenevere Abriel: A doctor's office right like
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got a plan. So now when you revisit this idea of the level of commitment for February 4 at 7am knowing that and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you'll be there. Okay, so then that's what we'll do. So let me I'll start with that. And then we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just already get a message off to the physician. Here, let me get into slack. That's this program where I could message something she's up yet. But yeah, she's but I can say you're here. Okay, so, and we can. I can start this conversation and see if she's amenable so she
Is here for his
Gwenevere Abriel: You can you can correct me. I'm going to read out loud when I'm writing you can tell me to write something else. He can only afford due to Cigna
swoops signal.
Carrier
Coverage
Limitations.
Gwenevere Abriel: One group one ma ti grew medicated assisted therapy. That's what you're getting.
Gwenevere Abriel: A month
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Depending on how many weeks there are. So then, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd say, let's say, three times.
Gwenevere Abriel: A month
During
The tour five weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you bridge to to what I just say for seven and
Gwenevere Abriel: He is at six milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and I would, I would say, you know, this is up to you know a conversation with her. But again, I've watched success when people have a flake at least a week of success, right, a feeling good. So maybe that's not too far away. It's only Tuesday. If you want to taper again.
Nick Graham: Then maybe start on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can say, hey, I'd like to take four to five milligrams, or maybe, whatever. Would you want to go to half a milligram or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, well, pretty quickly. If you go one milligram at a time at about a week and a half or two weeks or something, it'll
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be down to that one milligram pretty quickly. And that's the one where your, your brain will start to clear up you're going to start to feel a little sharper. But truth be told,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sleep and fatigue, those two are there, you know, they can take months once even you come completely off of it. It can take time where you really come back to normal. So you're gonna have to really have some patients around that, too.
Nick Graham: Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
Nick Graham: It's time. It's definitely like getting time to
Nick Graham: Be done escaping the scary feeling, you know, I mean, like, well, I won't have this to depend on anymore but like i will be
Nick Graham: Clear because I haven't been clear for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what you're doing is you're adding something I'm watching and you're saying, I'm going to reinstitute something else. So you
Gwenevere Abriel: Not completely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going without your institute by advance, you're going to be having this ritual of taking something each morning
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: There is something already in place that can feel like I'm still doing this ritual of taking something in the morning.
Nick Graham: Yeah, yeah. I guess it but that that in itself even seems like
Nick Graham: Not like a great thing. I don't like
Nick Graham: The reliance on anything. And so to think that I'm just going to jump into something else that I will be reliant on like
Nick Graham: That also in theory seems kind of
Nick Graham: Not good. Like, I guess.
Nick Graham: I don't know. I was living my life without that for a while like yes, it's got its benefits, but I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, look.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to address.
everything all at once.
Gwenevere Abriel: We take we take one behavior and we start to really work on that. We say, how we doing, we do another one.
Gwenevere Abriel: About the only one that I kind of like at the same time is if there's an interest if you're a tobacco smoker to maybe explore cessation, because the buprenorphine light has a has has this mitigation of
Training.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's kind of convenient time for some people to maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep both of them, but other than that I like, you know, because then you get to say, oh, look how it's different. I address this.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you do everything all at once. It's hard for you to get behind. Well, I don't know what what the action of change was or what was effective here. So I changed so many things. I don't know.
Nick Graham: It was easy for us to be learning will we just take one piece and we remove it and we say, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: So as far as I'm concerned.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't diagnose you with ADD clearly have that from another time, you have this prescription. You're going to go meet with psychiatry is one of the step just the I'm going to just secure a psychiatrist meet with this individual, and I will talk with that person.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's your image you have of continuing addictive behavior you and I'll keep talking about that.
Nick Graham: addictive behavior is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not following your doctor's orders you did deviate from the doctor's orders. So if you find yourself. Okay, I'm going to follow the prescription this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to see how I do, I'm going to see if it's true, do I connect with my family more or was that not true. Is there something psychological going on under there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or am I really on task or or maybe it's about the same. What am I doing this is more about addictive behavior us. It's silly or I'm doing it right. It's a stimulant for
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, you know, the downside is after that there may be some depression that comes after it. But so, and maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking very clearly with the psychiatrists about that depression I would really like you to see a psychiatrist anyway for medication management around the severity of your depression because the frequency that you have that suicidal ideation is problematic. Yeah.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which how how recent. Have you had that
Nick Graham: Um, let me take it.
Nick Graham: What day was it. There was a
Nick Graham: Quick down but very quick, dude.
Nick Graham: They're becoming less frequent
Nick Graham: In number and intensity
Nick Graham: Like considerably so
Nick Graham: I think Monday was not great. I don't think I had ideations I just felt like depressed like really depressed mood, like it's almost always like on my early days, like when I get off of work. And I'm like, shit like
Nick Graham: Was do I do, but I have these like really cool like support system in my house, you know, and
Nick Graham: I went home and like kind of talked it out with like one of my roommates and
Nick Graham: Because it was like I just like lose like a lot of people in my life.
Nick Graham: Time.
Nick Graham: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now you're saying us last
Nick Graham: Not like death. So Monday was depressing because
Nick Graham: My like x and I stopped talking my step mom and I stopped talking and
Nick Graham: Another friend was like, kind of being weird to me. So I kind of felt like a little bit alone, like a lot of the three people that have been support systems are all like
Nick Graham: Gone at once. And so I felt really bad about that, like, super bad on Monday. But then I went and kind of just started talking and you work. You know, like not being alone not isolating myself actually helped. Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I want to actually add a couple of names I've got people like and call it good Jason and especially supportive with my growth and faith. Who else can you talk with
Nick Graham: Only Josh
Nick Graham: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone else
Nick Graham: Really cristiana
Gwenevere Abriel: So a real important piece is the isolation, not having something to do right after work, and we we've known this that what I would call right this the sublimation where you just work, work, work. You don't have to think about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to feel just focused on work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let me start here. Let me hear a little bit about one of the things you wanted to incorporate was
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting into nature. I got a little sense through texting that there was some improvement there. Can you
Nick Graham: Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how often because what you wanted to do is I would like to be out in nature more often. That's the goal.
Nick Graham: Um, see five days last week. So that was pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, that's great.
Nick Graham: Yeah, that was good. Just not yesterday and today, which whatever but I fell off. But yeah, it's been really, really.
Nick Graham: Nice centering
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but notice right
Gwenevere Abriel: The depression was on wasn't it on Monday. So you're not going
Gwenevere Abriel: To make a difference.
Nick Graham: Yeah, so that's the weird
Nick Graham: Thing, because the I went out like Monday morning, what is today thursday right
Nick Graham: Wednesday. Oh shit. Wow.
Yeah.
Nick Graham: I tell you,
Nick Graham: Monday I went out in good stuff. But then I had a bad night. And I didn't go out on Tuesday, and now it's Wednesday, and by the time we're done here. I won't have time. So,
Nick Graham: I guess like I never thought of, like, maybe
Nick Graham: Maybe the reason I didn't go yesterday was because of the night before, like still feeling down and maybe there was some residual
Nick Graham: I don't know.
Nick Graham: I don't know what you asked, but it sounded like what, like what I don't know. It sounded to me like
Nick Graham: Why did you ask them, say,
Gwenevere Abriel: You can come in a different way on the days that you were outdoors.
Gwenevere Abriel: Variance, the same degree of loneliness.
Nick Graham: I did actually add
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me, while you were out for like when
Nick Graham: When did you strike. It was like right while I was out. Every, everything was great. And then at work. Everything was great but I get like really depressing the sunset sometimes could say
Nick Graham: It so early, and I get off work in the sun is like just it was like an early day which is still 6:30pm with center set
Nick Graham: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure that you got stuff going on.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing that
Nick Graham: Yeah, for sure.
Nick Graham: That'd be a good move.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We already know you do well with connecting with the people that you you moved in with that's great information.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be making plans with them, you know, your schedule for the rest of the week you can plan out Thursday can plan on Friday. You can be looking ahead and start planning those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, of course, right. The that I'm going to forget this conversation and I won't do it may come up, but you can be on purpose about it. We could right now stop what we're doing. You can plug in
Gwenevere Abriel: Reminders in your phone. That's something very doable if you think, Oh, I'm just going to blow this off, or I'll forget, then you could do it like using the the right now approach.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's talk about what you would do. What are some things you would you invite people
Nick Graham: To
Gwenevere Abriel: A dinner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or an activity you kind of want to do out in the community that be kind of fun.
Nick Graham: Yeah um well today is
Nick Graham: Actually made a plan. We're doing like a house like a house movie night like after I get off work okay so
Nick Graham: Something like that and then
Nick Graham: I normally go to my
Nick Graham: Go to my parents and times are like hanging out with my sister.
Nick Graham: But
Nick Graham: It's like real weird like parents right now.
Nick Graham: And so maybe I could like link up with my with like my stepsister
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that Christiana
Nick Graham: Yeah, it's Christianity. Yes. Okay. All right. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So think about what is coming up for you think about
Gwenevere Abriel: What you want to bring to the conversation today what's what's sort of a
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that's on your mind if we could focus more about
Something that's important to you.
Nick Graham: Obviously I think I've alluded to it, maybe like a couple times in the conversation.
Nick Graham: They some stuff going on with like family right now. I like
Nick Graham: Kind of made in well i don't know i'm political discussion literally is like started to tear my family apart. Interesting.
Nick Graham: I was talking about the abortion sensitive topic, generally in like I'm personally like way pro choice anyone wants to do that. That's fine. I personally would not want to like if there was a person in my life who I was the father. I would not want them to have an abortion, no matter what.
Nick Graham: And so
Nick Graham: My step mom and I were talking about Bernie Sanders and he says, I like personally, but he said
Nick Graham: I want to health care for all in abortion is healthcare.
Nick Graham: And I kind of made it. I like made it not like well
Nick Graham: I understand that, like, but I don't think that
Nick Graham: Personally like abortion should be covered under free health care because abortion is elective
Nick Graham: And it is not
Nick Graham: Like something that is medically necessary and if it is medically necessary like do for health of child or mother.
Nick Graham: Then it should be covered under healthcare.
And
Nick Graham: I guess like she my step mom asked me, What do you mean by that.
Nick Graham: And I said, well,
Nick Graham: Abortion is something that is, um, and here's the way I like to frame the phrase it incorrectly is done out of convenience and not out of necessity. I didn't know the word falling in the middle of there was
Nick Graham: I saw it is like it's a choice like
Nick Graham: You cannot have a kid at that time it is inconvenient to have a kid. So you have an abortion.
Nick Graham: And I guess I over simplified it. And so my step mom like, evidently, I didn't know that she had had an abortion before
Nick Graham: And it evidently had some like left some severe trauma and she like freaked out and like really freaked out like physically like when while I've never seen her like she's level headed. She's like a really level headed chilled out like
Nick Graham: She's like a pharmacist like really calm, like, and I just watched your flip
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nick Graham: So it's like a weird thing going on my family, but the lesson I learned was
Nick Graham: Any subject. I'm ever talking about I should talk.
Nick Graham: Whomever I'm talking to. I should speak about that subject as if the person I'm speaking to has been personally impacted by it like almost makes me feel like I need to be more like
Nick Graham: Thoughtful insensitive about any discount any topic because you never know who you're talking to. That might have been impacted, such as a weird little thing. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so you're learning. You're not. You're learning about yourself, you're young, you're also you have a right to share your opinion because that's how we get to find out how strongly we can feel
Nick Graham: You know, we go
Gwenevere Abriel: Off we say the words should, you know, as if it's an imperative and you get to hear your own voice, and you got a reality check that it may not be right, just this black and white thing it's conference.
Gwenevere Abriel: Complex. It's got human beings with their own stories behind it.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So to see just check it in inside and see there's family dynamics going on. Why do you think that is the most pressing let's say issue going on right now. But that's what we're going to talk about today. Check in inside
Nick Graham: I don't know what's important for you.
Nick Graham: I guess I'm just not sure what
Nick Graham: Only just recency probably like that was just a couple days ago, I think that my family's in somewhat of a support system and then like potentially losing that could be
Nick Graham: Alarming
Nick Graham: In terms of like
Nick Graham: Support Systems.
Nick Graham: Beyond that, like,
Nick Graham: I don't know. It just seems like it like it's been a pretty white bread week
Nick Graham: And I can't really think a much else to focus. I don't even know me now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to do a little bit of preparation work so that down the line, you know, be nice if you were
Nick Graham: In
Gwenevere Abriel: In a room where we could kind of have a little bit more structure. I haven't able to do it in the car. But let's just do a little preparation work for what possibly we may be doing some MTR work together. If you decide that. That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to show the screen for just a second, so you can see what I'm doing. I have this. Now of course this is something I was starting in a group and I'm continuing to work on in an individual
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'd like to do is develop this with you, which is this I referred to it as the sun subjective.
Gwenevere Abriel: Press sounds very sort of robotic but it can be useful when I check in and say, well, how, how are you doing what what level of distress to you at all have a reference point.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just picture that zero is a relaxed state. It isn't necessarily the ideal because some people down at this state of relaxation have experienced that disrupts a dystopia associative experience they have fainted have had such sort of this dangerous threat response.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost leave consciousness. Right. That's part of the
Gwenevere Abriel: stress response the some of the other ones, of course, are fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: And flight. And then there's this freeze response. So I don't make this assumption that the ideal is zero for some people that can also be a stressful thing is being in this relaxed body but just for now I want you to take for a moment that zero is
Gwenevere Abriel: really relaxed a relaxed body and 100 is the most
Gwenevere Abriel: Stress stressed event that has happened to you want you to think for a moment what is in the middle of that. What say about a 50
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you could still think you could still reason you're not out of your mind. You haven't dissociated you're still in your body, but it was not a 50% stress. It was upsetting.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what memory comes to mind around that.
Nick Graham: Around 250 so something that's upsetting.
Nick Graham: It's not like going in the black like losing
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we don't actually get in a fight or have rage or right
Nick Graham: Somebody like
Nick Graham: Any, any memory anytime like you would say
Nick Graham: Yes. Yeah, like that actually kind of happened yesterday there was like just a reasonably stressful work event that happened.
Nick Graham: Yeah, it was just like, I, I'm like alone right now in the office, like a meeting running the office because I the only person above me is gone right now and
Nick Graham: I wasn't like fully well equipped to
Nick Graham: Run things
Nick Graham: And so I was encountering a lot of like
Nick Graham: New situations that I did not know how to respond to
Nick Graham: And so
Nick Graham: What I did was, I was like, agitated.
Nick Graham: And a little yeah I was like agitated and I finally like work through it.
Nick Graham: With, like the help of some people but
Nick Graham: I was like, kind of like
Nick Graham: Shoulders like tense. You know, like, tighten the chest kind of
Nick Graham: Some time like that it was not a big deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So please, it's we have the agitated was the emotion. Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have
Gwenevere Abriel: tightness in the chest and you have the circumstance of kind of what was it not knowing
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it I wasn't trained in what to do with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Situation or not enough resources, what was the, what was the
Nick Graham: Yeah, they're, they're both they're both President yeah I wasn't training. I didn't have the resources in
Nick Graham: Wasn't receiving help from those who could help.
Nick Graham: Oh,
Nick Graham: It was kind of annoying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this last parts a little harder to get to, to hold that in your working mind and your consciousness of agitation and I don't know what to do. I haven't been trained. I don't have the resources. They're not helping. I'm agitated.
Gwenevere Abriel: tightness in the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: What meaning does not have about you, about who you are, belief about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be able to get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: By finishing the sentence, I am
Gwenevere Abriel: What meaning to solid that have
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it say about who you are.
Nick Graham: It probably says that
Nick Graham: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: The belief about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Nick Graham: I am
Nick Graham: Patient maybe or
Nick Graham: Resolute one of the two. I'm not sure which
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean,
Nick Graham: Yeah, I would say, I'm impatient when they something yeah I'm impatient.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in moments like that you'd like to be thinking about yourself.
Nick Graham: I would like to reframe it
Nick Graham: And look at it is like
Nick Graham: Not like
Nick Graham: Can I accomplish this, but like I want to look at it like I can accomplish this.
Nick Graham: Is less of a questionable thing like
Nick Graham: Have more confidence in my ability to
Nick Graham: Make decisions.
Nick Graham: To
Nick Graham: Make good decisions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice that they're not exactly opposites that patience isn't right. So check and see what you actually believed about yourself at the time. See if there's more to it than impatience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you believe about yourself.
Nick Graham: I remember
Nick Graham: Believing that whatever this specific task was could like I couldn't accomplishment. I could not accomplish it.
Nick Graham: But that's not really
Nick Graham: Like a self thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm capable I'm
Nick Graham: Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I think a big capable
Gwenevere Abriel: At the time, do you remember thinking something like I'm not capable
Nick Graham: Yeah, totally. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you try that on. Now what happens when you have that thought.
Nick Graham: It doesn't feel great to believe that
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it feel what's the emotion.
Nick Graham: Yeah, it's kind of like a
Nick Graham: Like a disappointing opinion to have
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Make
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel disappointed.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I was disappointed if, like, if that was like my worldview.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think it was yesterday.
Nick Graham: Getting
Nick Graham: In like elevated
Nick Graham: Times, there's like stress and stuff.
Nick Graham: A lot of times, it goes straight to
Nick Graham: futility.
Gwenevere Abriel: To me more about that. I want to understand what you mean.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I am.
Nick Graham: Probably the worst thing that I can I, that I do that, I would love to change.
Nick Graham: In terms of like
Nick Graham: Anger and stress like
Nick Graham: I react.
Nick Graham: Like let's say, I'll give you an example like
Nick Graham: For like in a relationship or something if I
Nick Graham: Let's say I saw
Nick Graham: In example my accent like
Nick Graham: Done something like to talk to someone in it in like said something bad about me and made me feel really bad. But what I do is
Nick Graham: Just go ballistic like I think
Nick Graham: Just because there's a bad moment my entire reality is fixated on this bad moment.
Nick Graham: And every decision I make is, is if there is no moment after this moment.
Nick Graham: And so I fly into a rage. Like, I don't, I'm not physically abusive.
Nick Graham: But I say some fucked up shit to people like nothing like mainly to people who I deeply care for, like, in my life, like I say, to just anyone
Nick Graham: But I have a hard time reframing
Nick Graham: Negative times negative emotions.
Nick Graham: And they seem like all that matter. All that matters is that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I got that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which you want to change in times of anger and significant stress, especially around people that you care deeply about is you. I think you'd like some choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be able to move differently and what we don't like is the fact that after right you can kind of reflect back what you remember is you were in a rage, as if
Gwenevere Abriel: There was no other way to be as if making your point was the as this life critical like how like you have to hear this. You have to see this have to understand this. So tell me where I'm off track.
Nick Graham: Now that sounds, that sounds pretty accurate, um,
Nick Graham: And I remember
Nick Graham: Like my dad would always tell me like your mom in times of anger will just spew venom that was like the way he put it, and
Nick Graham: That's how I feel. It's like a defense thing like I'm feeling hurt so I fly off the handle, like I say some things like
Nick Graham: Just really bad things to try to you know the best defense is a good offense is like the way that I would get only describe it.
Nick Graham: And I'll say things like
Nick Graham: Like my like my ex was not like like she was intelligent in her in our own ways, but not
Nick Graham: Really into, I would say things like
Nick Graham: It's like you're like talking to a five year old like for the last three years of my life. It's been like talking to a kindergartener like really hurtful things
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so working from the outside in what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is showing someone
Gwenevere Abriel: How you feel that's what venom does
Gwenevere Abriel: The different the freedom and it does take
Gwenevere Abriel: Concentration and it does take effort and rehearsal of new communication skills. Okay, where you express how you're feeling versus showing it. Okay, no doubt that will have a profound impact.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you
Gwenevere Abriel: Go on a detox and you say, I cannot act out how I'm feeling anymore. Instead,
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a right to share it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I may not be able to change the outcome. They may not understand, we can't control what other people think and feel, but I can do this one thing
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can share and I feel statement, I can say it. Honestly, I can say it. And that's it. I can detach from outcome, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all out here. That's all our way out here. But first, now we come a little deeper, we say that might be a solution. But if we haven't addressed what's going on inside of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: In her personally when when you are being misunderstood that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the one is that the critical piece.
Nick Graham: co founder, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it about being misunderstood.
Nick Graham: In those kind of situations.
Nick Graham: Yeah, like basically if the person doesn't like
Nick Graham: totally on board and like
Nick Graham: submissive Lee like
Nick Graham: Like apologetic.
Nick Graham: Then
Nick Graham: It's just, yeah.
Nick Graham: Then it's not like
Nick Graham: An end even then it's not it's not enough like. So to go back to what you're saying. I was doing this. This just happened Saturday, where
Nick Graham: I was like upset because I saw some, like, whatever. And I said, I feel because and I tried it. I did it.
Nick Graham: But then one thing like like I was like going to hang out with this person.
Nick Graham: Like throughout the night and then
Nick Graham: Like her friend called and then suddenly she's like, Well, I got to go in and out in suddenly it went from like like actually like progressive discussion about like
Nick Graham: Things to like
Nick Graham: Rage like
Nick Graham: Okay, right. I guess because
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you have a guess about why why is that
Nick Graham: Expectations okay if if things don't
Nick Graham: I basically, I guess, like the way I put it, I act like a toddler, that doesn't get his own way.
Nick Graham: In that situation.
Nick Graham: Like to me it's like we both communicated. Hey, here's a plan and then suddenly
Nick Graham: For this person a better plan comes up and then our plan is gone. So a few things there like
Nick Graham: expectations for me.
Nick Graham: The feeling of disrespect from like
Nick Graham: Two people on the same page, and then suddenly
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Nick Graham: They're not yes
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you actually hear what you actually said
Nick Graham: I said,
Nick Graham: Oh shit. Yeah. All right. I said, I'm
Nick Graham: Something along the lines of
Nick Graham: Like it's kind of fucked up because we are
Nick Graham: We have plans and then at the drop of a hat you will go to a party at any time. And I said, like
Nick Graham: You don't have
Nick Graham: Any like
Nick Graham: What I say
Nick Graham: Everything you do is to please others and like you
Nick Graham: will do anything to like fit in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you don't even have to carry on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's, I want you to hear back what what happened. So you said to your therapist. I did the I feel because
Gwenevere Abriel: And then your therapist checked in on what you actually said and what you said to this person that you wanted to go have a good time with that you care for was what you're doing. It's fucked up. You always want to please people you are the problem you attacked neighbor.
Gwenevere Abriel: You showed so so in your mind. Do you think you used the therapeutic format of I feel because
Nick Graham: Yeah, so I feel because was earlier in the conversation so
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to hear.
Nick Graham: Yeah, yeah. So, and that's like kind of what I'm, what I'm getting at is like I used to. I feel because
Nick Graham: We had a progressive discussion where we talked like
Nick Graham: If it's truly like getting somewhere. And then one thing and then I'm sucking fly like flying off the handle like instantly and it's like
Nick Graham: That's not where I want to be like that's not healthy like that so unhealthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you literally I got you this just indulge me. I want to hear your I feel statement would you say were specifically
Nick Graham: Yes, it was, um, what was it, what I'm
Nick Graham: It was like, I feel
Nick Graham: I'm trying to think what the context was we're basically talking
Nick Graham: Oh yeah, I feel like
Nick Graham: Yeah, it was. I feel upset that we only
Nick Graham: Hang out with each other when it's convenient in were essentially like
Nick Graham: Fallback options for one another, like with our plans.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me more about upset. What is that I don't feel upset upset for different people means something different. What's upset. Maybe fine tune that
Nick Graham: Yeah, I probably. I'm trying to think. The exact context of the discussion, but at the time I felt
Nick Graham: Yeah, I guess I could use like
Nick Graham: And I guess. Yeah, it was really, you know, it was really, actually, I feel sad that like you and I use like used to be like
Nick Graham: Greatest best friends. And then it's like devolved
Nick Graham: Into us just like hanging out when it's only convenient for either of us and not prioritizing each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So, do you hear that you were getting across a boundary. One hand if you had just kept it with I feel sad that I call on you when my other plans.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have fallen through or I feel sad when the story I makeup is on your backup plan when your plans fall through. But you didn't do either one of those
Gwenevere Abriel: You got inside her head and made up a story about what what's going on for the both of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you ask her a direct question. Am I someone you want to spend time with
Nick Graham: No, definitely not.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you went inside. Imagine we all do it. We naturally will come up with a story. We will fill it in.
Nick Graham: That's what our brand.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't mean it's correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: The piece about
Gwenevere Abriel: That you really told her how you feel. I don't know that you'd fully did because if instead you had said.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't feel important.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't treat you.
Gwenevere Abriel: As if you are a priority.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's different than summarizing for the both of you. And she not hearing it, and then you get pissed off about it because she goes and does the very thing that was upsetting made you sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it wasn't quite as clean and direct as really because she went into analysis with the whole, this is what we're doing. Well, maybe she doesn't agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's clear on your part. But I think the next time we meet, I think we could talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: This word disrespect you felt disrespected heard that earlier on in there to there was this disrespect. And I'm wondering if this being valued, that part is a big one for you.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Nick Graham: Yeah, like, really. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's um
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me. I'm gonna write a little, little note about that and we're at the top of the hour went by quite fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I did get one item in here. You know, I got this. This piece of the 50% I want to continue to build. I want to know more about what 100 is I want to know what
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, sort of this being able to be in this window of distress. That's kind of where we're going to want to do our work. It's not going to be too upsetting, not to relax and kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: So that it's we're doing some important work. And I think we got we got into a good place in here and I'm thinking,
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Feelings of
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you tell me what do you think it's at the core of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, emotion, yeah.
Nick Graham: I would, I would think like
Nick Graham: self worth in
Nick Graham: The I feel like I'm
Nick Graham: Others, you know, valuation of me like
Nick Graham: defines my own self worth, maybe here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you do, right, is then you go into analysis and you attack them.
Nick Graham: Around that so you
Gwenevere Abriel: Little problem. And yes, of course, it is a great defense mechanism. And then you never have to sit with I feel undervalued right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to do that if you're criticizing some someone else's low self esteem and people pleasing behavior and you show up angry all they're going to see is that anger and you're going to push them away.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Nick Graham: I definitely did that. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you don't have to deal with this self worth stuff. This one you just ran across the self worth is probably a core
Gwenevere Abriel: Negative belief that I think can be very useful for us in the MTR work. I like a written it right here. I think it's a big one. I'm guessing only know and when we get into it, but I'd like to revisit this one.
Nick Graham: But you
Say,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a guarantee that just because you said I'm sad. I'm upset.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's just this windfall of harmony that happens in communication because it broke down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it broke down a little bit, because you started to project your own analysis under her side. And if you're doing it to me. I said, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's for me. I'll tell you how I feel seeing yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you feeling about my blowing you off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rejected right something like that unimportant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sitting with your own self worth is hard. Okay, I get that. So maybe it's not that much more complicated. Maybe it's just, I've got to have the courage to sit with my own feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not try and self protect with all that rage and anger and blaming other people in and throwing analysis Adam Right unsolicited. They didn't say, hey, what's your analysis of how I treat my friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I don't know why we should all right let's let's talk about next week, you're going to go to group as much as I do want to follow up with this work with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, really, really deliberate. Can you create time to be in a room with if you can't pull off the iPad or laptop and we want to have
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue containers or something where I can get. I can have you be able to look at these two two spots. Normally, I've been using this light system that goes back and forth, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to do some desensitization with you around some of that negative cognition install some positive stuff, there's lots to do, and I want to. We just started where we just got into the sun's just now got a little piece want to continue this work with you but
Gwenevere Abriel: It'd be nice to have it set up. Well, what do you envision your
Nick Graham: Dream. Do you think when I can post. I guess I could probably go to my because my house, my walls or two then for any kind of privacy, I wouldn't even feel comfortable
Nick Graham: But
Nick Graham: Maybe I can go to like my office or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look around there today and think. All right, what would February 11 be like, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you don't like that timing could be even earlier. Can you know that if we go ahead early. I can create seven in the morning. Right. And then, nobody's there or so just investigate what would work. Okay.
Nick Graham: Yeah, if it's your kid. I can like see about I'm
Nick Graham: Getting like just doing it because maybe what I can do is like one week, I can pull off like a group and an individual, but like I agree that I want to go down this path. So I'd like to do it next week appointment. If you have one
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like somebody I've already got here at eight in the morning. On February 4 um let me just see if I can just a Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we can meet on February 5 which is it'll feel like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wednesday, February 5 at 8am.
Nick Graham: To 8am.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have some things ahead of you, that you mentioned, just to review if you're interested. It's too.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you wanted to the I feel it would be saying the feeling and
Gwenevere Abriel: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: Analyzing just exactly
Gwenevere Abriel: Facts. When you said you're going out with Sarah I felt rejected, I felt unimportant. That's a fact. Doesn't mean it's going to be perceived the same. But what's not a fact is that
Gwenevere Abriel: We both
Gwenevere Abriel: Are not a priority. That's, that's that that's not what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right okay that invitation. There's also reaching out to psychiatrists. There's also if you want to check out
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, more into insurance. Go for it. And there's also really
Gwenevere Abriel: Calling ahead arranging not just movie night. What about Friday, you know, what about Thursday. What about Saturday. What about Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe Monday night, even more so like that might really those those days where you have time off maybe those are the priority to make sure you have plans put together, even if it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Like an out in the bowling or a new activity, maybe, I don't know what a police class or something, but just really be on purpose and get some planning in place to protect yourself protect that time.
Nick Graham: Okay. Good idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I've got you written down, February 5 8am for also going to see you in group looks like looks like my next client just got here, and we'll see you on group February 4
Nick Graham: Okay, awesome. Well, thank you. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Be good to you. All right.
Nick Graham: Thank you.